speaks guys are here today in the video
next galley back does not make the motor
sport 5 setup for you class ae hand
I already had to have passed this car.
It's a car for you.
resort kuta they are just straight and to him
serves for this holding company that
We will go now serves to le mans
It's so much where you tell me that I have
middle of the line the two in the middle of the line
sister in the cart is so you have to
have I sometimes use it also in the oval
But you have a much better car to run.
oval with it
barbano takes a look takes a look at the
wet in the number sedona galera let's go
I have done live stream that
Speech is every day there for ten I do not
It's going to be his do not say he's going to be a father.
have every day but every now and then guys
gives a pass on the channel 10 hours
I'm definitely going to be there.
talking with you
playing hh 11 a human h1n1 from yesterday
that I played is from the 21st
take a look there for the 30 40 minutes of
live hand mitani bow and arrow galley
gauchos is a pc game that I am
Playing hell, too, if you have a PC.
it has end
It gets you there to play together.
But come on, now it's the galley's strength.
let's go mano holding the speed
when it engages the fourth minor
be careful because it is very difficult
to hold the crew is a car that is
extremely weak straight're so how
Let's be careful here.
the lapinha can there in the front goes there goes
there now in knock on the door what happens
stay there, the sucker
The water in these cars are cars.
specific to some Masses of the
people are not going to download these steps will
to run in catalonia
Are you going to die there or kill someone?
again again will embarrassment of
let's go there
Bye, bye, bye, by the way.
thiago doctor paulo
thanks hands
they are cars and specific for some
some kind of difficult remembering that I
I said that that's where there are so many is the rohde
america only this outline of the galley
it is very difficult to speak and control and
to know if Mercedes is then the actor rohde
is rhodia america that square stroke
just okay and German already one running
24 hours le Mans that has that return
to the act it actually has two straight lines
very large and this measure fits
well there just be careful and quiet
have to put second parallel
keep it calm
O
enjoy the line well
I thought it looks the people have no secret
to hold her is because the tracks of
line has plenty of room for you
braking and such
no it will not have that the government will not
nothing is like that for you
It is this announcement that neither this
is a simple square four
curves and four straight has no secret of
water to ensure good
and so it is difficult at the beginning of the galley
you are coming out of that goal but
after he left the cake has to mano
No one's coming in on her fourth ride.
when she picks up three hundred three hundred
now 295 she gets into fourth gear
look at that there guys have to take a have
that preaches before there is no point in wanting
that with her on the border that will not
but now I 'm passing by car to
You, because it's a car that you have.
What have you got to run into these
certain clues then stand
to German
look at time 1 and 3 the fastest made 1 and
7 that was the scream there that hit me
mano's thank you want
watch the video take the setap is in a
video only passing to you step that I
It should have passed a long time ago.
for you
setap the creator of the description along with
the date
My brother, I hope you have a lot of fun.
with this hand multiplayer version goes
slow with it the people go slow
I'll go with you too, I'll be staying here a lot.
Thank you, you want to watch these I read.
ke, and if you do it right on the channel sign up
to get more videos like this
more steps together
Thank you so much , good night, if I
have online paste 10 hours school on
channel at 10 p.m.
youtube
It's live if I have an agent.
will do but see the show 'tamo junto'
thanks
Paulo